Update aws-gslb-proxy-peering-ha-deployment.mdx (#48916)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/admin-guides/deploy-a-cluster/deployments/aws-gslb-proxy-peering-ha-deployment.mdx

## AWS Network Load Balancer (NLB)
We will use an AWS NLB for this highly available deployment architecture example.
The NLB forwards traffic from users and services to an available Teleport Proxy Service instance.

> An AWS ALB can be used in this architecture. Please reference our [guide for using an AWS ALB](https://goteleport.com/docs/reference/architecture/tls-routing/#working-with-layer-7-load-balancers-or-reverse-proxies) for this step is you wish to use an ALB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An AWS Application Load Balancer (ALB) can also be used in this architecture. Please reference our [guide for using an AWS ALB](https://goteleport.com/docs/reference/architecture/tls-routing/#working-with-layer-7-load-balancers-or-reverse-proxies) for this step if you wish to use an ALB.
```
